I'm the personal speaker of the month in this video I
I'll say goodbye to you.
This then talks how to make a house.
the game before the material area is
very extensive so if you have a
difficulty is somewhat lost
pause the video there and watch with larger
details the items I'm using
basically five steps in the
first let's need date
foundation of the house is not her floor and then
We're going to need the four walls.
obviously we need the frame of the
door to door and finally the ceiling then
come on
the first thing we need
more collect wood and it is not because
I did not warn you to get enough wood
so if you have a friend for you
help it gets easier it will group
several blogs and also xix can pick up
everything we both need the blog so much
like wood
after collecting the wood has to
transform the lots you got here
in the case and 17 you'll need
turn tables into nec on show them
they call sports can not be captured
all two with board
we're going to make 6/1 of players it's 23.56
with 61 customers
We're going to make three fronts.
now 31 of fronts
we got to do the foundation of the house
only
now with the foundation of the selected house
it's time to decide where we go
start making our home this will
depending on your strategy the one
conservative you are playing here at
single player I will build near the
same farm but for example if the
Sir see persecuted after doing his house
more hidden you will not want any
another player trying to invade it and has
a secret to laying the foundation that
you put buried in the ground you do not
will be able to put the pillars of the house
huh
so always try to put it so that
already by the demonstration that it seems
You can put the pillars right here.
and I can put the pillars of the house without
problems to make the pillars go
need two items
one is the other support is the boards
So, first let's turn it around.
support or need some stixx here
I already have some two sticks is 11
Support
so I'll make two
you can see that he made two now
I'll get a tram
and put the dem bracket on top
You can see a man appear in
cornerstone
I'm going to make four pillars, let's put it
the pillars of the house with our pillars
placed
We are going to put the walls in the
so to make the wall we go
need the four walls we go
need 6 dem frames and 4 dem
pi read here on the kraft in which he did
already the wall here how to do 4 plus one
to give four walls
note that the fourth wall we will not
to use otherwise we will not be able to
enter the house when it comes to
walls right
It may be that I took this process
will assume in place of kaka that was
ready and this one I do not go for nothing
now we are going to do
the doorway to do when the door
already need a wall and the world in
support place here
now we have a good place to put
door
now the door is missing on then the door to
people will need a frame and
boots the frames you've seen how
make the pockets you can find in
cities or you can capture them
collecting stones is now that we
we have the door
the house already has the four walls have the
door I have the foundation but because the
ceiling is not a home without their roof to
make the ceiling we'll need three
the players and 3 the dem crossroad cross
And learn how to craft here
you will put dem support're here
and so would make three
dem cross with three cross but the dem
31 lawsuits
we'll have the platform here
now can put the ceiling the ceiling was
with the hard seed put it like that
then the semira pull and put in the
Hotel
here we have our first house of
antonia says there then people you can
to see that I started by day now already
night so you can be sure that it will
take a little while to make the house
but it's worth it because you will
protect from enemies of the game even
other players is if you have
questions regarding materials
used to make the house only come back
a little on the video pause and see how I
I handled the necessary items as well
feel free to use
comments below
if you want more advanced tutorials
About the Game Thesis Do not Forget to Become
subscribe to my channel